{% autoescape off %}

{{first_name}},

*First*, I want to apologize for how late this followup email is; things have
been moving at a torrid pace and it's difficult to keep up.

*Second*, for those who weren't able to participate in the call itself, the net
message was: since the challenges we are facing with the School Board are
fundamentally political in nature, it requires a political response: namely,
the recall of the Chair of the Board of Trustees, Amy Johnson.

For a detailed explanation for why this extraordinary step is necessary, you can
visit our main website at:

https://www.recallamyjohnson.com

However, the TL;DR version is that Trustee Johnson has an unresolvable conflict
of interest due to her role as Director of Strategy for Blue Cross of Idaho.
Her employer has been very direct and public in their call for vaccinations and
masking as a necessary precondition for in-person learning, which is a conflict
which she never disclosed and is fundamentally impossible to separate from her
role as a public trustee of the schools.  Since she appears to unwilling to
resign or recuse herself, we must incentivize her to do the right thing by
recalling her directly.

At the www.recallamyjohnson site you'll be able to sign up as either a signatory
of the recall petition itself (if you are registered to vote in Zone 2) or as a
volunteer to help recruit others to sign.  We will be rolling out new features
and promoting the site more aggressively this week; for now consider this a
special preview for those who registered for the Zoom call.

*Third*, we will be holding a special in-person meetup to discuss our overall
strategy, present volunteer opportunities, and answer any questions you may
have.  This will be tonight, Sunday the 26th, at 6:00PM at Lucky Perk Coffee
at 1630 S. Eagle Road in Meridian.  Yes, I understand this is very late notice
and we understand many of you will not be able to attend; still, we hope you
can make it and for those who can't we'll send updates via the main recall
website.

---

Thank you again for registering for the Zoom call, and your continued engagement
to prioritize education over epidemiology.  Together, we're going to do
everything we can to put our kids first.

Best, Dave





{% endautoescape %}
